Whatэs the best way to tell your partner you`re into this?

Author: Fede_edeF

*000*2025-09-19 10:49

Hi everyone, I'm new here and this is my first post.

I was wondering, as the title says, what is the best way to tell your partner/friend/special firend (You know what I mean), that you are in omo world?

Personally, I've always been embarrassed about revealing this part of myself, even though I'm a very open person. You know, it's not exactly that topic that pops up by itself, even when the topic is kink, this world always remains in the corner, hidden.

People (From my personal experiences, directly or indirectly) talk about it like "Eww... Think how disgusting if your partner were to piss on you, surely one of the worst things that can happen to you...", limiting their sphere of knowledge on the matter to the golden shower, as if that's all there was -_- .

As if it were the worst thing they'd ever heard and as if they'd never done worse things. All of this contributes to creating a wall around this world, making it grow as a taboo.

Regarding my experience, I have never tried too hard to expose myself in a group on the topic, mainly due to shyness. However, I tried to talk about it with my best friend, head to head, obviously being delicate with the topic. With him, for example, we started talking about female squirting, as we both find ourselves appreciating it. From that, I jumped at the chance, and hooked up on some wet bed games. Unfortunately he wasn't interested in the topic, although at the beginning he tried to support me, but I instead decided, for my part, to reveal some information to him about my kink, always remaining very down to earth. Obviously he took it well, but I cannot say with certainty that the taboo barrier has been completely broken down.

The other time something like this happened to me was with a friend of mine. We have a special relationship, we can say. It was a special evening, and we ended up talking about what turns us on. She opened up first, and told me that she adores exhibitionism and voyeurism, and if she has the opportunity, she really likes the public context. In response, I shared my opinions on the topic, which I also like. So we ended up talking about our experiences. 

In the end a beautiful connection was created, as mentioned before I have a special relationship with her, so I tend to feel much less ashamed, so I thought why don't I try to open up about my kink? Ever cautiously, I told her how I approached it and in response… I didn't exactly get a closed door. Let's be specific, I don't think she has the same interests as me regarding the topic, but being a very open girl herself, she wasn't really disgusted at the idea of experimenting with something similar. I think it was more a way to meet me than anything else, but I must say it was an interesting first step.

What are your opinions? Do you have similar stories to tell? Let me know 🙂

