Had a Great Hold for the First Time In Years

Author: Figgitydoo

*000*2026-01-04 07:48

Hello. It's been a while since I posted.

As I mentioned before

, I used to live with my family for my entire life, until my father's passing last year. As he was ill, I never really had much time to do things like this. Then after his passing.... Well, I wasn't in the mood to do much, as you can imagine.

That post I made in September was the only holding attempt I had made since, and it ended poorly, so I put off doing another attempt for a while, especially since a good hold takes a lot of buildup, you know?

Well, today (technically yesterday now), it had occurred to me while I drank a glass of water that I could have a hold attempt. It has been a while, so I went for it.

I drank a glass of water every half hour for a bit, then switched to 15 minutes. Every time I peed, I could tell my bladder was getting fuller and fuller. Then, a few hours in, it reached the amount where I thought to myself, "Perfect!"

And so, the hold began at quarter to 2 AM (My sleep schedule isn't the best). I wrote down my thoughts as it progressed.

Here's what I had to say:

1:44 AM 2026-01-04

I have been drinking a cup of water every so often for a few hours now. I put on my sacrificial pants. I am ready for a hold. Currently at a 6/10

1:48 AM 2026-01-04

Not that long, and I'm already at a 7/8. I think I will be at an 8/10 soon. I am struggling to concentrate on the YouTube videos I am watching.

1:54 AM 2026-01-04

Definitely at 8/10 now. Now that I am living on my own, I don't need to worry too much about making a mess or getting caught, so I've decided I will not go to the bathroom. If i feel myself about to explode, I will head to the kitchen (The only area other than the bathroom without any carpet).

I grabbed the floor cleaner from the bathroom. Just a glance at that toilet made me want to go then and there, but I'm holding it in.

As I brought the cleaner to the kitchen, each step began to send small shocks to my bladder. This is what I was hoping for. I've missed this. This is all the more reason I want to give this all I got. No relief!

1:57 AM 2026-01-04

I can't stay sitting at my computer anymore. I have to pee that badly now. Not quite a 9/10, but I'd give it an 8.7.

2:22 AM 2026-01-04

I peed myself at 2:12.

Not able to concentrate on anything other than my bladder, I placed a timer on my phone for 10 minutes and pretended I was on my way home from school. I walked in place for those 10 minutes, with the idea being that I was home when the timer was over.

Whenever I needed to lean on the counter or the wall, I pretended that I was leaning on a fence or a pole. When I needed to dance in place, I imagined people staring and snickering as they walked by.

The final two minutes were the worst. I could tell that I couldn't hold it for much longer. I had to keep telling myself, "Two more minutes. Two more minutes. I'm almost home. I'm almost home," and I think that helped me make it to the end.

After the ten minutes were up, I started a stopwatch and pretended that I was locked out of my house and I had to wait for my mom to come home from the store. The idea for this was that, no matter how long I could hold it for, she was never going to come back in time.

Soon after starting that stopwatch, I was really struggling. I didn't even last 2 minutes when I finally burst. The stopwatch said 1:27.

This was the first time I peed myself where I could really see the puddle forming. The other times I did a hold, I always did it outside at night or in the bathtub. I lived with family at the time, and the less evidence I left, the better.

So, to see the puddle by my feet getting bigger and bigger as I peed and peed was pretty cool. It helped me with the "peeing myself in public" fantasy I was going with. I felt embarrassed. I felt small.

With that done, I quickly took my pants off, filled a bucket with water and floor cleaner, and got to mopping. I didn't want the kitchen to smell like pee, and I didn't want any of my urine to leak to the floor below me. As I write this down, I have finished the first pass. Once the floor dries up, I will have another go at it with the mop. This also gives me time to take a bath and clean up.

###

And that's how it went.

This was a lot of fun. I can't wait to do it again. Now that I've figured out how to live on my own, I feel like I can do this more often. I might even make this a weekly thing.

I won't make any more promises, but you guys might be seeing more of me.

