Omorashi adventure on a hike!

Author: Finn is Sleepy

*000*2026-02-19 17:58

This post is a continuation of my hiking adventure that I've been sharing on various posts!

Episode 1:

$/121414-peeing-my-leggings-on-a-mountain-top-3-episode-1?do=embed" Episode 2:

$/121418-peeing-my-leggings-and-shorts-sitting-on-a-rock~-episode-2?do=embed" Episode 3:

$/121442-peeing-my-leggings-and-shorts-on-a-hike~-episode-3?do=embed"

Episode 4:

$/121446-peeing-my-leggings-on-the-rocks~-episode-4-3/?do=embed"

After the events of episode 4, I finally managed to make my way to civilization! (after a good 4 hours of hiking), the village wasnt written on the map and only had a handful of houses, it felt like I had just discovered a region in an RPG haha!

But that's also when problems arose...since the map doesn't know this place, it also doesnt know any busses that can take me back around the mountain (as climbing 1800m above sea level once more wasnt possible for my poor legs x3). So I'm left with the only option, asking the locals! Sounds easy enough, but after looking down and taking a few sniffs...I'm very far from presentable...the best comparison is probably that I smelled like someone who spent the past 4 hours peeing on himself, quite a far-fetched comparison, I know!! >:3 that combined with the fact my deodorant had stopped working altogether at this point...it was very embarrassing to be anywhere near people >w<

With that said, I still need to find my way home! I stop an older lady on a balcony, which is perfect since the elevation will keep me discreet! At that point I also realise my bladder wants release...again...I shrug it off and ask the lady in my very much city boy pronunciation where I can find a bus...she responds in a very heavy country side accent she has no idea what I'm saying xD but eventually she manages to understand what I'm looking for, and points me towards a gas station thats beyond the village.

I thank her and go on my way, at that point im walking alongside a deserted highway, no cars driving by, just the sun blazing and the hot ground underneath my thin soles. I'm very exhausted at that point, so after making sure no cars are coming behind me and theres no one around...I relax my bladder and let everything out as I walk, not wanting to waste more time stopping and taking off my shoes...the relief was amazing...a bit of wind comes in and replaces the warmth of the stream running down my legs by a cold embrace that felt really refreshing under the sun, I sigh in relief and continue to walk...but out of curiosity I check if that gas station she mentioned is on the map.

Right after I find out the gas station in question was AN HOUR AND A HALF away on foot...I hear a car behind me. I glance back and let it pass, but it stops next to me...its the elder lady! And her husband behind the wheels!

The man mentions they are heading in the direction of the bus stop, and tells me to hop on the truck bed so he can give me a ride, I'm usually incredibly shy about accepting help, but knowing I was in deep trouble as it was getting late, I accept and hop in the back as the man speeds away. I was drying up fairly quick as the sun was beating hard, and the breeze from the ride in the truck bed was almost as refreshing as peeing down my legs haha.

I hop down and give the man many thanks, when I tell him how much I walked he seemed visibly impressed haha, and its very difficult to impress those countryside people, they live in very harsh conditions!! I get to the stop just in time for the bus, I quickly skiddadle past the driver and make my way to the very back to avoid any sensitive noses (although the bus is pretty much empty), I take my jacket I had secured on my backpack and sit on it (my jacket can be washed, but these bus seats rarely are lol, better to not add to it).

The ride is fairly long, 50 minutes back to my city, I get very very desperate on the way there but with sheer force of will I manage to hold it until Im back in my dorm...thankfully my roomies arent there to see my disheveled state hahaha...

I hop in the shower, take one last pee in my leggings, and have the longest, warmest and most thorough shower I think ive ever had >w< after feeling refreshed and nice smelling I wash every peace of clothing involved in this adventure at 60 degrees in the washing machine, and take a well earned power nap~

Hope you guys enjoyed this experience just as much as I did!! It very fun and although omo wasnt supposed to be a big part of the journey, I guess all path eventually lead to peeing your pants hehe >w< thank you guys for reading until the end <3

*003*2026-02-20 14:53

{{3 minutes ago, nickpees said:

Thank you for sharing that amazing trip!

}}

Thanks for reading!!~

*005*2026-02-20 23:40

{{8 hours ago, xxxxx said:

Wilderness omo hiking is the best. There's nothing like the feeling of knowing where I am but not where I'm going with the only certainty being that my pants won't be dry for long 😁😁😁

}}

Its been really growing on me!! The isolation and privacy mixed with wearing clothes that hide the wetness makes it very intuitive, I also like how exciting the first wetting is on a hike, going from dry to wet for the first time, but after you continue the feeling of letting go down your legs gets more and more trivial x3 Its very dificult for me to pee while actively moving/swimming, but when i enter rapid desperation while hiking, im able to let go as im actively walking!! It really makes your body embrace the convenience x3

*007*2026-02-22 00:53

{{On 2/21/2026 at 12:33 AM, Snowpants said:

Finally had a chance to read this entire experience. Sorry about the long walk at the end but I bet it was wonderful to have so many wettings in your leggings & shorts in one perfect hiking day.

}}

Oh it was definitely the highlight haha, very nice memory being able to let go whenever~

*011*2026-02-22 08:20

{{7 hours ago, Wetlifter37 said:

This sounds so hot and also very freeing. I'm into wilderness backpacking as well, my only question is are you female and if so, how do you prevent UTIs with repeated wetting/staying wet? If I could take some steps to not have to worry about that, I'd be very into this.

}}

Didn't know females had to deal with that! I'm honestly not sure x3 I'm used to staying wet for a while heh >w<

{{7 hours ago, Wetlifter37 said:

Ah jk, I watched your video so I see you're male. I might be curious to experiment with hydrating a lot and keeping a few changes of shorts just to avoid staying wet for too long. The idea of just letting go in my shorts whenever wherever while alone in the woods sounds pretty great. The closest I've come is not really wiping for pee when I backpack as no one's to see if I have a small damp patch or dribbles in my pants.

}}

Being very hydrated really helps! It makes it smell a lot less which in turn means less impurities sticking between your legs :P but yeah, do be careful! Maybe just wiping after wetting yourself could help minimise it..?

